936 - Fix error were showing when use trackdirty with tabs (#4784)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Tabs]` Fixed a bug where the info icon were not aligned correctly in the tab, and info message were not visible. ([#4711](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4711))
- `[Toolbar Searchfield]` Fixed a bug where the toolbar searchfield were unable to focused when tabbing through the page. ([#4683](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4683))
- `[Toolbar Searchfield]` Fixed a bug where the search bar were showing extra outline when focused. ([#4682](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4682))

> - `[Track Dirty]` Fixed a bug where error were showing when use with tabs. ([#936](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/936))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Track Dirty]` Fixed an error that was showing when using dirty indicator within a tab component. ([#936](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/936))
```
